Cleanup features dns-over-native-tls/dns-over-openssl/dnssec-openssl documentation (#2758)
hickory-dns/hickory-dns: README.md

## DNS-over-TLS and DNS-over-HTTPS

> The Resolver requires valid DoT or DoH resolvers being registered in order to be used.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how or why this might be accurate -- it seems wrong to me? @divergentdave any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I think the original meaning might have been "you can use DoH/DoT, but only if you configure a DoH/DoT upstream name server. Deleting the first sentence thus changes the meaning of this paragraph.
```suggestion
The Resolver supports DoT and DoH. These protocols can be selected and configured when forwarding to another server.
```
